Unexpected
The flowers in the previous life lasted for decades
I am known as the Little Prince of Jianghu Nightclub
One day I will be defeated by a woman
Hey, is that what old people often say?
Retribution?
Hey
Big brother, get in
Tell me what's the matter with me
You didn't ask me to investigate my father
His whereabouts before the accident?
I found out.
My father did meet someone before the accident
And I've only seen this one person
It's just that this person's identity is a bit big
supervisor
My teacher Guo Zijian
Jianzheng Zhao Shouren
Hmph, it turned out to be him
Ah shit is the second grade
My second uncle is too awesome
A ninth-grade sesame official knows
A fourth-rank Zhang Ji is fine
Even the traitor knows
My second uncle shouldn't be a hermit boss, right?
Uh second brother
I remember you were also a student of political abuse, right?
How is your relationship?
Brother, are you kidding me?
We Guo Ziqian are all students who witness adults
You want to say the instrument of mentorship and apprenticeship
I don't have the qualifications
cut
What about others?
How are the people?
I don't know very well.
But the other party gives people the feeling
It's always been that kind of image.
And very modest.
Hmm big brother
Do you want to see the witness in person?
You can do it.
I can't do it.
But I know someone who can do it
he
i